README.md, before:

# Personal CV Website

A beautiful, modern React-based CV/resume website with stunning design and image support.

## Features

- ✨ Modern, responsive design with gradient backgrounds
- 📸 Image placeholders for profile photo, projects, and gallery
- 📱 Fully responsive - looks great on all devices
- 🎨 Smooth animations and hover effects
- 📝 Sections for About, Experience, Education, Skills, Projects, and Gallery

## Getting Started

### Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Start the development server:
```bash
npm start
```

The app will open at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Adding Your Images

To add your images, place them in the `public/images/` directory with the following names:

- **Profile Photo**: `profile.jpg` (recommended size: 400x400px, square)
- **Project Images**: 
  - `project1.jpg` (recommended size: 600x400px)
  - `project2.jpg` (recommended size: 600x400px)
- **Gallery Images**:
  - `gallery1.jpg` (recommended size: 400x400px)
  - `gallery2.jpg` (recommended size: 400x400px)
  - `gallery3.jpg` (recommended size: 400x400px)

**Note**: If images are not found, elegant placeholders will be displayed automatically.

## Customizing Your CV

Edit `src/App.js` to customize:

1. **Personal Information** (Header section):
   - Name
   - Professional title
   - Email, phone, LinkedIn

2. **About Me**: Write your personal introduction

3. **Experience**: Add your work history with job titles, companies, dates, and descriptions

4. **Education**: Add your educational background

5. **Skills**: Update technical and soft skills

6. **Projects**: Add your projects with descriptions

7. **Gallery**: Add any additional images you want to showcase

## Building for Production

To create a production build:

```bash
npm run build
```

The optimized build will be in the `build/` directory.

## Tech Stack

- React 18
- CSS3 with modern features (gradients, backdrop-filter, animations)
- Responsive design principles

## Color Scheme

The design uses a beautiful purple gradient theme:
- Primary: #667eea (Blue-purple)
- Secondary: #764ba2 (Purple)
- Background: Gradient from #667eea to #764ba2

Enjoy your stunning CV website! 🚀

Commit message:

Add Glocal Insight entry, Med Platform link, and screenshot

README.md, after:

# Personal CV Website

A beautiful, modern React-based CV/resume website with stunning design and image support.

## Features

- ✨ Modern, responsive design with gradient backgrounds
- 📸 Image placeholders for profile photo, projects, and gallery
- 📱 Fully responsive - looks great on all devices
- 🎨 Smooth animations and hover effects
- 📝 Sections for About, Experience, Education, Skills, Projects, and Gallery

## Getting Started

### Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Start the development server:
```bash
npm start
```

The app will open at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Adding Your Images

To add your images, place them in the `public/images/` directory with the following names:

- **Profile Photo**: `profile.jpg` (recommended size: 400x400px, square)
- **Project Images**: 
  - `project1.jpg` (recommended size: 600x400px)
  - `project2.jpg` (recommended size: 600x400px)
- **Gallery Images**:
  - `gallery1.jpg` (recommended size: 400x400px)
  - `gallery2.jpg` (recommended size: 400x400px)
  - `gallery3.jpg` (recommended size: 400x400px)

**Note**: If images are not found, elegant placeholders will be displayed automatically.

## Customizing Your CV

Edit `src/App.js` to customize:

1. **Personal Information** (Header section):
   - Name
   - Professional title
   - Email, phone, LinkedIn

2. **About Me**: Write your personal introduction

3. **Experience**: Add your work history with job titles, companies, dates, and descriptions

4. **Education**: Add your educational background

5. **Skills**: Update technical and soft skills

6. **Projects**: Add your projects with descriptions

7. **Gallery**: Add any additional images you want to showcase

## Building for Production

To create a production build:

```bash
npm run build
```

The optimized build will be in the `build/` directory.

## Tech Stack

- React 18
- CSS3 with modern features (gradients, backdrop-filter, animations)
- Responsive design principles

## Selected Highlights

- **Glocal Insight & Innovation Project (Jan 28–30)**: Participated in an international medical convergence challenge with Soonchunhyang University (South Korea), International University of Kyrgyzstan, and the University of Central Asia. Our team researched public and private hospitals in Kyrgyzstan and developed *K‑Fast Track* — a phased solution addressing high stroke fatality due to limited MRI/CT access (Phase 1: QR-based digital Medical ID web platform; Phase 2: planned AI and smartwatch SOS integration). Our team (UCA: Mariiam Raiimzhanova; IUK: Baktybekova Aiym, Asanova Gulbarchyn; SCH: Ahn Yeji, Kim BaekSeon, Jang Eunkyo) was one of three awarded teams. Special thanks to Myrza Karimov for making this possible.

## Color Scheme

The design uses a beautiful purple gradient theme:
- Primary: #667eea (Blue-purple)
- Secondary: #764ba2 (Purple)
- Background: Gradient from #667eea to #764ba2

Enjoy your stunning CV website! 🚀
